1) 	Yes, Abstract class have constructor in java and it is invoked when concrete subclass is created.
2) 	Yes, Abstract class can implements interface but they do not require to implement all method.
3) 	No, Abstract class cannot be final in java because Abstract class inherit into subclass.
4) 	Yes, Abstract class can have static methods in java.
5) 	No, We cannot create instance of Abstract class because In abstract class does not have complete implemention. Abstract class is to function as a base for its subclass.
6) 	No, It is not necessary for abstract class to have abstract method, we can also declare non-abstract method in abstract class.
7) 	Difference between Abstract class and Interface
		(i) Abstract class can have abstract as well non-abstract method whereas in Interface all methods are by default abstract.
		(ii) Methods and members of abstract class can be defined with any accessibity but in Interface, all methods are defined with pubic by default.
		(iii) A child class can only extend single abstract class but an interface and a class can implement more than one interface.
8) 	It is impossible to add new methods in published interface, so its better to use abstract class. Abstract class evolves better than interface. If you have to many methods inside interface, you are creating pain for all it's implemention, consider providing an abstract class for default implemention. 
9)	Abstract method in java is method without body. You just declare method without defining it and use abstract keyword in method declaration.
		SYNTAX: public void abstract methodName();
		In order to implement this method, you need to extend abstract class and override this method.
10)	Yes, Abstract class can contain main method, it is static method and you can execute abstract class with main method, until you don't create any instance.
11)	Static blocks are the blocks which have braces and with static keyword. These static blocks will be called once when JVM loads the class. Static blocks wont have any name in its prototype and it is class level. it have no return statement, no argument and no this and super keywords supported.
12)	Static blocks will be executed at the time of class loading. So, if you want any logic that needs to execute at the time of class loading that logic need to place inside the static block so that it will executed at the time of class loading.
13)	Yes, We can overload static method in java.
14)	Yes, we can call super class static method from subclass.
15)	Final keyword is used to declare a constant variable, a method which cannot be overridden and a class that cannot be inherited whereas Static keyword is used to define class member that can be used independently of any object of that class.
